what's up guys it's December 22nd 2010
this is one question day and I am peak
most all right christmas is almost here
so we're going to a kind of a Christmas
question we're going to talk about Santa
Claus now today's one question they use
is what do you think of Santa Claus and
I can get a lot of different comments
like when did you find out that santa
wasn't real or did you never believed in
Santa or maybe if you're Jewish like I
don't think they actually there now with
the Santa Claus thing because they had
the twelve days of Hanukkah right I'm
not sure might explain that to me but
this is my view / santa claus like even
when my kids were really young they get
all those presents and we put them out
for Christmas morning I don't know if
they remember and I think it disappoint
them and they didn't want to believe me
they finally come around I would tell my
kids up Santa Claus is not real daddy
paid for all this shit to some of the
tree not some fat made-up fictitious
dude in a red suit with a white beard
with a beard with a bunch of gay flying
reindeer I'm just I don't know if the
reindeer a gay I don't have me nothing
it's just a joke part of it but anyway
so it seemed like I was really young I
really wanted to believe in Santa I'm
just like I really wanted to come home
and be a Jedi after I watch Star Wars
but I had a pretty early age I figured
out there what no Santa and you know so
that's how I feel about it and think
saying is overrated he gets too much
credit because he really don't do
anything instead of teaching kids about
santa maria' days to teach kids at that
time of the year at Christmas time
especially if you're in a position that
you can help somebody that's what you
should you should teach your kids not to
expect Santa to bring you a bunch of
shit and just leave it up under the tree
somebody just dropping shit off come on
now I think most kids even at young ages
are smarter than that but maybe its
products I've actually know some people
that were eight nine ten years old dick
still fucking believed in Sam so how old
was you when you didn't believe in
saying anymore
was anybody heartbroken when they found
out that Santa wasn't real how did you
find out did you find some presence in
your parents house here then they were
out there because more like they have
sentiments to come to my house sorry
anyway leave me some Santa comments I I
don't really I mean it's cool he's a
cool decorative little thing and it's a
good little story with Christmas but
don't if you work hard and you buy
presents for your kids don't give Santa
the credit for it fucking all right this
is people also this is one question a
day if you have question ideas send me a
message on one question at a YouTube
channel leave them into communist or if
you want to send some stuff in from
background I'll keep reloading it
p.o.box 221 dallas NC 280 34 make it out
to one question of the day or the peat
moss show p.o box 221 dallas and c 280 3
or 4 cents of stuff if you want to send
some toys for boo the monkey if my pet
monkey and it's the first time checking
out one question day hope you come back
we usually do all different kinds of
questions sensitive stuff in this is one
question day sorry I had to take a day
off yesterday kind of had lost my voice
had a crazy day I have to take a day off
every mountain but I will see you guys
tomorrow and also if you're if you
haven't watched one question any last
few days go back to any of the
thumbnails that say 2010 and check those
videos out because i'm actually going to
be doing a one question in a year in
review wrap up top worse and all that
stuff so go back on the Vera's leave me
some comments because that's what I'm
getting my decision from all right one
question day see you guys tomorrow
please